1. Create a query that displays the employees’ last names, and indicates the amounts of their
salaries with asterisks. Each asterisk signifies a thousand dollars. Sort the data in
descending order of salary. Label the column SALARIES_IN_ASTERISK.  (Employees)

2. Create a query to display the total number of employees and, of that total, the number of
employees hired in 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012. Create appropriate column headings. (Employees)

3. Write a query to find the average salary for each department, excluding employees with salaries above a certain threshold.
(Employees)

4. Write a query to find the department with the highest average salary for employees who have been with 
the company for more than 2 years. (Employees)

5. Write a query to find the manager hierarchy for a specific employee, showing all levels up to the CEO. (Employees)
 
6. From the following table (Employee,Person) write a query in SQL to return the employee with the fewest number of vacation 
hours compared to other employees with the same job title. Partitions the employees by job title and apply 
the first value to each partition independently.

7. From the following tables (Employee,EmployeePayHistory) write a query in SQL to return the highest hourly wage for each job title. Restricts the titles 
to those that are held by men with a maximum pay rate greater than 40 dollars or women with a maximum pay rate greater than 
42 dollars.

8. From the following tables (Product,WorkOrder) write a query in  SQL to return any distinct values from first query that aren't also found 
on the 2nd query.

9. From the following tables (Person,SalesPerson) write a query in SQL to identify all SalesPerson IDs for employees with sales quotas over $250,000. Return first name, 
last name of the sales persons.

10. From the following tables (Person,PersonPhone) write a query in SQL to identify all people with the first name 'Gail' with area codes other than 415. Return first name, last name, 
telephone number. Sort the result set in ascending order on lastname.


 
